FORUM-020 v2 - Amend Code Signing Certificate Working Group Charter (#40)
cabforum/forum: CSCWG-charter.md

j. CA operational practices, physical/logical security, etc.

> Additionally the authorized scope of the CSCWG SHALL be to discuss, adopt, and maintain policies, frameworks and sets of standard related to the issuance of management of timestamp certificates by third-party Certificate Issuers under a publicly trusted root, limited to timestamp certificates containing a Certificate Policy Identifier value of "2.23.140.1.4.2".

Reviewer: Small improvement.

```suggestion
Additionally the authorized scope of the CSCWG SHALL be to discuss, adopt, and maintain policies, frameworks and sets of standard related to the issuance of management of timestamp certificates by third-party Certificate Issuers under a publicly trusted root, limited to timestamp certificates containing a Certificate Policy Identifier value of "2.23.140.1.4.2" in its certificatePolicies extension.
```

#### 5.1 Voting Structure

> The rules described in Bylaw 2.5 SHALL apply to all ballots, including Draft Guideline Ballots.

Author: ```suggestion
The rules described in the latest CA/Browser Forum Bylaws SHALL apply to all ballots, including Draft Guideline Ballots.
```

#### 5.1 Voting Structure

The rules described in Bylaw 2.5 SHALL apply to all ballots, including Draft Guideline Ballots.

> In order for a ballot to be adopted by the Code Signing Certificates Working Group, two-thirds or more of the votes cast by the Certificate Issuers must be in favor of the ballot and more than 50% of the votes cast by the Certificate Consumers must be in favor of the ballot. At least one member of each class must vote in favor of a ballot for it to be adopted. Quorum is defined as more than half the average number of Voting Member organizations that have participated in the previous three (3) Code Signing Certificate Working Group Meetings or Teleconferences (not counting subcommittee meetings thereof). For transition purposes, if three (3) meetings have not yet occurred, quorum is three (3).

Reviewer: According to the Bylaws section 2.3 (7) says:

> A ballot result will be considered valid only when more than half of the number of currently active Voting Members has participated. The number of currently active Voting Members is the average number of Voting Member organizations that have participated in the previous three (3) Forum Meetings and Forum Teleconferences.

Since the WG has already been established, I don't think we need transition measures.

I have some slight modifications.

```suggestion
In order for a ballot to be adopted by the Code Signing Certificates Working Group, two-thirds or more of the votes cast by the Certificate Issuers must be in favor of the ballot and more than 50% of the votes cast by the Certificate Consumers must be in favor of the ballot. At least one member of each class must vote in favor of a ballot for it to be adopted. 

Quorum is defined as more than half the average number of Voting Members that have participated in the previous three (3) Code Signing Certificate Working Group Meetings or Teleconferences (not counting subcommittee meetings thereof).
```

Author: Good catch.
